Stock market analysis in seconds. What's
going up? What's crashing down? Stay
with me and find out. You came here for
the truth. So, let me unveil that for
you. Oil rises on the assumption that
OPEC will cut
output. The yen rises on Fukushima
tsunami warning.
companies apparently ended a fivearter
profit
slump. The Fed's Janet the Felen yellen
claiming that their stocks are rising in
anticipation of tax cuts and stimulus
spending for 2017
2018. The US dollar declined.
Gold advanced from the lowest level
since
February. Silver is nearing a bare
market and the euro gained, ending a
10day losing streak. If you found this
video informative, please give me a
thumbs up. And of course, if you found
this informative, check out my website,
the
moneygps.com, for tons of free